

## `EventObject`
A complete representation of event-object with its initial data and possible decorative representation

```mathematica
EventObject[<|"Id"->_String, "Initial"->_, "View"->_|>]
```

Actual binding happens with only `"Id"` field, therefore a string equivalent is also valid to use

```mathematica
_String
```

### `"Initial"`
Stores initial data, which makes sense if an event object was produced by some sliders, toggle switches or other UI elements. 

If an event was joined with other event, `"Initial"` data will be merged as well depending on its original structure.

If an event object is used in [`EventFire`](#`EventFire`) with no data provided, `"Initial"` field will be used instead as a payload.

### `"View"`
An implementation depends on the executing environment. On WLX pages, or inside notebook this field will represent how an event object will be displayed. Usually if it has been generated by some UI component, a button or a slider is displayed on output, that fires this event remotely using a provided `"Id"`.

### Inheritable properties
There is only a single field `"Initial"` that can be merged or copied under  [`EventClone`](#`EventClone`) and `Join` or [`EventJoin`](#`EventJoin`) operations.

### Non-inheritable properties
`"Id"`, `"View"` cannot be copied under [`EventJoin`](#`EventJoin`), [`EventClone`](#`EventClone`) and `Join` operations.


## `EventHandler`
Binds an event object represented as a string or [`EventObject`](#`EventObject`) or anything compatible with this type to a single or multiple handling functions (multiple - only __if patterns do not intersect__)

```mathematica
EventHandler[ev_String | _EventObject, {handlers___Rule | handlers___RuleDelayed}]
```

where `handlers` is a sequence of rules (straight or delayed), which are applied to any incoming message. Each rule represents a normal WL pattern to mach a message generated by [`EventFire`](#`EventFire`). 

There is a simpler version as well, which is indifferent to patterns

```mathematica
EventHandler[ev_String | _EventObject, handler_]
```

which is effectively 

```mathematica
EventHandler[ev_String | _EventObject, {_ -> handler_}]
```

:::warning
__Only a single handler function can be assign to an event object per pattern__. If you need multiple handlers (chain) to be assigned to the same event and pattern - clone your event firstly using [`EventClone`](#`EventClone`)
:::

#### Return value
It is optional, but any `handler` can return any non-Null expression, which will be presented as a return value of `EventFire` expression. 

### Example
The simples case scenario

```mathematica
EventHandler["ev", Print];
EventFire["ev", "Hello World!"];
```

or using different patterns

```mathematica
EventHandler["ev", {
	"Case 1" -> Print,
	"Case 2" -> Echo,
	any_String :> Function[data, Echo[StringJoin["Undefined case: ", any]]]
}];

EventFire["ev", "Case 1", "Hello World!"];
EventFire["ev", "Case 2", "Hello World!"];
EventFire["ev", "Case 3", "Hello World!"];
```

:::note
Patterns do not have to be strings only. Any Wolfram Expression is valid
:::

## `EventClone`
Clones event object and returns a new one, keeping all previous assigned handlers on another copy of it

```mathematica
EventClone[ev_String | _EventObject] _EventObject
```

Multiple calls on the same `ev` makes a chain of new event objects connected to it. Once [`EventFire`](#`EventFire`) is called on `ev`, it will sequentially fire all cloned events in a chain. 

## `EventRemove`
Removes all handlers from a given event object

```mathematica
EventRemove[ev_String | _EventObject]
```

or

```mathematica
Delete[ev_EventObject]
```

is also valid. *Removing a cloned event only removes handlers from the cloned event object*

## `EventJoin`
Joins two independent events into a new one merging their `"Initial"` values as well

```mathematica
EventJoin[ev__String | __EventObject] _EventObject
```

however

```mathematica
Join[ev__EventObject] _EventObject
```

is also valid.

## `EventFire`
Fires an event with provided data and pattern

```mathematica
EventFire[ev_String | _EventObject, data_] _
EventFire[ev_String | _EventObject, pattern_, data_] _
```

or for a complete event object representation

```mathematica
EventFire[ev_EventObject] _
```

it takes `"Initial"` field as `data`. Effectively if `pattern` is not provided `"Default"` pattern is used instead. 